Our goal as teachers is to help the person to become a disciple of Christ.
I want my student to love Jehovah the same way that I do.
What I most enjoy is conducting Bible studies.
Being able to see a student grow spiritually is a joy that can't be put into words.
The Watch Tower of January 2020 mentions several things that we need to keep in mind as we conduct a study.
Studying the article I saw how many changes I needed to make when I conduct a Bible study.
It highlighted that besides helping the student to gain knowledge,
it's even more important that we help them progress to the point of dedicating their lives to Jehovah
and of course getting baptized.
Even though I read about how we should stop studying with non-progressive Bible studies,
I didn't feel comfortable doing it because I was afraid I might make the wrong decision.
Although I was pretty sure that my Bible student wasn't yet married, that is legally married,
she had never told me this directly.
And I just didn't feel comfortable talking with her about it.
I had a Bible student who always prepared for and commented well at the study.
I kept inviting her to the meeting, but she never went to a single one.
And she never attended the memorial.
I saw that she still had ties with some aspects of her religion.
The article brought out that in the first few weeks, as soon as the study becomes regular,
it's important to start praying with the student.
It used to take me a long time to start doing that.
The article helped me because it encouraged me to bring others with me on the study
and also not to be afraid to bring along those who were more experienced.
In the article, it was brought out how important it is not just for us to pray with our students,
but also to help them to begin saying their own prayers as well.
After that, when the study became regular, I prayed before and after each session.
And I encouraged each of them to also begin praying to Jehovah personally,
so praying became a daily habit for them.
A circuit over a seer's wife went with me on the study,
and she asked my student if she was married.
Yes, I'm married. What are you legally married?
And then she responded, no.
So that really opened up an opportunity for me to help the student out with the situation.
The article gave some suggestions about how we need to pay attention to the student's spiritual progress.
It really should be consistent.
We studied for a long time, a little over a year,
and that's when I realized that it was time for me to stop and decide if I should discontinue the study.
Then I put into practice the suggestion from the Watchtower of January 2020.
I told her, you're really a someone who appreciates God's word,
and you're always regular with your studies.
But like we just read about, there's some footage in your life that's missing.
But she responded, but I think it's all in Jehovah's time.
So I said, Jehovah has already invited you personally,
so it's really up to you now.
But she kept saying, well to me, it'll happen in Jehovah's time.
Unfortunately, it seemed better to discontinue the study,
because she showed that she didn't feel the need to make progress.
This article was a present from Jehovah.
It was like everything that was important came all together in just one article.
We're living in urgent times, so we need to be as efficient as possible.
The spiritual progress a person makes, which may have taken five years, can take place now.